1. Every View object has two ids of different formats, one in integer format and one in String format.

a. What is the purpose of each id?

`The ID indicates the function that needs to be enabled/activated. This helps linking the Kotlin code to the Java source code. (front end vs back end)`

b. Why do we need two ids instead of just one to represent the purposes stated in 1a?

`There are two types of ids (@+id/myButton) and (R.id.myButton) because the String format is used for human readability while the other was used for machine code and making sure it can read efficiently. The unique integer constant makes it much faster for the android system.`


2. Give two examples each for relative unit and absolute unit.

Relative unit
- density-independent pixels (dp)
- scale-independent pixels (sp)

Absolute unit
- millimeters (mm)
- pixels (px)


3. State the difference between margin and padding.

`Margin is outside the view's boundary/border while padding is inside the view's boundary/border. Margin defines the space between view's and other neighbouring views or parent layout while padding defines the space between view's content and view's border.`

4. In your Practical 2, you have selected your favorite mobile application as the reference subject to design the UI of your Profile Page. Now, you need to create another UI draft to acquire feedback from the target users for this mobile application.



These feedbacks are very important in helping to continually improve the mobile application, hence, use your creativity to design the UI draft to attract and encourage the user to answer the feedback.



In this Q4, you need to do the following:

a. Draft the UI as stated above.

b. State your method/technique/tactic to attract and encourage the user in answering the feedback. Tips: the method/technique/tactic can be reflected in the design, or the content itself, or any other ways. Use your creativity!

c. State the View object types that you have used in this UI draft. 