### **Tutorial 8: Accessibility Principles**

#### 1. Using your own words, explain the accessibility principles in Material 3.

In M3, accessibility is the core design requirement. The principles focus on:
- Honors Individual

Providing clear cues (visual and tactile) so users know where they are and what they can do.  
Allow individual experience and personalization.  

- Learn before, not after

Invest time to understand user's needs, especially their abilities and life experiences first.


- Requirements as starting point  
Minimum requirement of accessibility

#### 2. In your opinion, why do we need to learn to create an accessible design for a mobile application?

In my views, designing with accessibility in mind is just good design. For mobile apps, it's crucial because:
- **Situational Limitation** : There is a temporal disability with everyone (e.g. holding a coffee while navigating a phone, using phone in bright sunlight)
- **Inclusion** : Users with permanent visual, motor, or cognitive impairments have the same autonomy as everyone else
- **Market Reach** : If the app is frustrating to use, people will delete. Accessibility improves user experience for everyone, leading to better retention.

#### 3. You are tasked to create a mobile application for kindergarten school kids to learn English effectively. By using any THREE accessibility guidelines (e.g. Writing, Layout and Typography, etc.), suggest ONE design idea for each guideline to create an accessible design for this mobile application.

| **Guideline**    | **Design Idea**                                                                                                                                                                 |
|------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Writing          | Audio-Visual Labels: Clickable image that plays a high-quality audio clip so pre-literate children can understand the object                                                    |
| Layout           | Generous Touch Targets: All interactive elements (like letter blocks) are at least 48*48 dp with ample spacing to prevent accidental clicks                                     |
| Color & Contrast | High-Contrast Affirmations: Use high-contrast colors (WCAG AA standards) to differentiate between correct and try again feedback, ensuring the colors are vibrant but readable. |

#### 4. Briefly explain the steps required to implement accessible design using the THREE stages (structure -> flow -> elements) suggested in Material 3.

(Structure -> Flow -> Elements)

- Structure :  Define the skeleton. Ensure the app works in both portrait and landscape and that the grouping of information is logical.
- Flow : Map the journey. Involves ensuring a clear order for screen readers and making sure navigation is predictable
- Elements : Fine-tune details, involves applying color contrast ratios and add alternative text to images. Ensure button have clear, descriptive labels.


#### 5. Do you think that the stages suggested in Material 3 is useful? Explain your answer.

Material 3 is useful. (Structure -> Flow -> Elements)  

With **structure**, massive usability flaws are caught early.

With **flow**, user experience are defined properly and optimized.

With **Elements**, content are meaningfully conveyed and concise, descriptive and delivers content and context. 